In this lab you've been asked to configure DCP on right of one in this topology we have right of one
connected to switch one using gigabit zero slash or zero slash zero.
And this interface is configured in VLAN 1 P.S. 1 is configured in VLAN 10 and it's connected to this
interface on the switch.
P.S. 2 is in VLAN 20 and is connected to gigabit 1 0 3 on the switch.
You need to configure DCP on the router and exclude the first 10 IP addresses in each subnet from the
pool so exclude IP addresses tend not one to tendered one up to 10 dot 1 to 10 top 10 from poor with
the name VLAN 10 and addresses tendered one to 20 dot one up to 10 dot 1 between the top 10 from the
DHB pool reveal and 20.
So we need to create 2 DHB pools v lantern and V land 20 and exclude the first 10 IP addresses from
each of those pools the networks to use again are tendered wonder tendered 0 slash 24 and tendered one
to 22 etc slash 24.
The default gateways of these pieces should be set to switch 1 the DNS servers should be set to write
a 1 and we need to ensure that the pieces get IP addresses via DCP and are able to ping each other as
well as the loop back of right of one.
Are you able to complete this task.
There are a number of things that you need to configure here in addition to the DCP pool.
Are you up to completing this challenge download the attached packet trace a file and see if you can
do it yourself or otherwise watch the next video where I complete the slab.